c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\AppNinja.Service.dll.config
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\AppNinja.Service.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\AppNinja.Service.pdb
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\obj\Debug\AppNinja.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\obj\Debug\AppNinja.Service.dll
c:\Users\spank-developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\obj\Debug\AppNinja.Service.pdb
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\AppNinja.Data.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\AppNinja.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\AppNinja.Data.dll.config
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Spank-Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AppNinja.Wpf\AppNinja.Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
